They say that when you die, your life flashes before your eyes... Jacob found this to be a cruel cruel lie. He had been hoping to see her face albeit one last time, to see that lopsided smile, to see those crinkles and laughlines that framed that sensual mouth. He had been hoping for that last reprieve, but alas, all he feels is cold. A silent nothingness as his soul expires and his eyes stare, unseeing, at that peeling, beige-painted ceiling.

His assailant still stands there, a silhouette in the struggling morning light, framed by the door. His fedora pulled low over his face and his trenchcoat collar turned up against the biting morning chill. He stares, unmoving, at his once-friend (or as close to 'friend' that one could get in this line of business). "Sorry old chap." he says under his breath, as he steps over the now lifeless form of Jacob and the growing puddle of blood into the desolate single room. He walks over to the bedside table and opens a drawer, quickly rummaging through the contents. He gives an unsatisfied grunt and moves over to the narrow cot, pulling a penknife from his coat pocket, flipping it open and driving it into the mattress. He shoves his hand into the rip he has just made and growls in frustration. "Where is it, you wily old fox?" He rhetorically asks an unanswering Jacob. He pulls out and old-fashioned flip-phone from his pocket, presses a single number and brings it up to his ear. It is answered on the first ring. "It's not here sir." He says then pauses, "I understand sir." He answers and hungs up. Walking over to Jacob, he pauses for a moment, absently looking at the knife embedded in his old friend's chest, then he carefully steps over him and the still growing puddle and into the morning gloom. "Such a shame," he says to himself, "that was my favorite knife."

"This wasn't meant to happen." Says one voice. "What do you mean?" replies another, "We knew the risks, they are fragile life-forms." he continues. "Yes but..." the first voice trails off. "He was just different. He was supposed to complete what we needed." "Yeah, so you say." replies the second. "Just send him to recycling like the rest." "No." enters a third voice in a more commanding tone, obviously an authority figure. "He goes back." "What!!" exclaims the second "But that has never-" "Send him back." interrupts the third voice. It is clear from his tone that he the conversation is over.

Jacob wakes with a jolt, a sharp pain flares across his chest lighting up every single nerve ending and bringing dancing stars to his eyes. Two gentle but firm hands grab hold of his shoulders and pin him back unto the pillow. "Just relax sir or you'll tear your stitches." The room smells strongly of antiseptic. He feels numb and groggy and with great effort turns his head just enough to see the source of the voice. It's a plump, middle aged woman with intelligent but kindly eyes and in a crisp white and blue nurse's uniform. "Where..." he starts, the very effort of talking sending flaring sharp pain up his chest. "Sir, you're at the St. Raphael's Hospital." she says. "And you're extremely lucky sir, the paramedics who found you say you had no pulse. They put you in the ambulance and were to bring you straight to the morgue, then on the way here your wound there starts bleeding again and you got a pulse. Nobody here can explain it. You must have an angel looking out for you sir." She continues, smiling kindly and fluffing his pillows.

"Yes, I must have..." Jacob thinks. But something gnaws at the back of his mind... a conversation he heard, an impossible conversation that he couldn't have possibly been hearing, and three words, three distinct words spoken in an authoritative voice that he can't forget, "Send him back."...
